>> Scott Moss: Okay, so
I'm gonna start with signup.
So for signup I know there's
gonna be a email and password, or
I'm requiring an email and
password to be on the request.body.
The client should send it.
And then I need to create a new user for
that.
So if we go look at a user model,
which is already created for you,
there's a few things that
a user absolutely needs.
It needs an email to be unique.
It needs a password, and
it has this settings object that
has some required stuff on it.
And they all have defaults, so
all those should be good for us.
So all we really need is the email and
the password.
And like I said, the passwords are already
gonna be hashed for you and saved.
So we're not saving
passwords in plaintext.
And we should be good here.
So I'm gonna go ahead and do that signup.
So I'm gonna say const user = await
User.create(rec.body)
>> Scott Moss: That's it,
that should create a user.
The problem is, because a user has
validations on it as a unique email,
this creation might fail.
So because it might fail, you probably
wanna do a try catch, or do promises,
or whatever you wanna do, but
you should definitely handle that.
Because if it fails that means
somebody already has this email.
All right, if somebody already has
this email then you can't sign up.
So we wanna do something like,
first let's just log the error so
we can see that it is that error.
>> Scott Moss: And then what we'll do is,
we'll say, return res.status
>> Scott Moss: (400).end() ,you can't use
that.
So that's one thing.
So we got the user here.
The next thing we wanna do is, so now
that we have a user, if it is successful,
we want to create a token.
So let's say const token = newToken.
And that just takes in the user object.
So we just pass in user like that.
So we'll pass in the user object,
that should give us a token.
And from there we'll just
say res.send( token ).
>> Scott Moss: So this may or
may not pass all the tests, so
we'll run the tests to see what else we're
missing here, and we'll go from there.
So let's run these tests.
>> Speaker 2: What's the difference
between .send and .end?
>> Scott Moss: .send sends back some data,
.end just ends it without
sending anything.
That's it.
It's the same thing if you did .send
with nothing.
>> Scott Moss: End is just explicitly
ending the request and stopping it.
.send also stops
the request with a message.
>> Scott Moss: So
if we look at that test here for signup,
looks like we're still failing, so
it requires an email and password.
Creates user and
sends new token from user.
So it requires an email and password.
So if I go and look at that test,
then I'm guessing that test is testing
something that, it's mocking out
the email and password to be like, no.
And it's saying that it should test for
that.
So if I go look, yep, there's no email and
password on that request body and
it's expecting it to be
a 400 because of it.
So I need to test for that.
So I need to come here and say,
if 0 req.body.email, or
if 0 req.body.password,
because you need both.
Then I'm gonna go ahead and I'm not
even gonna send this to the database.
I'm just gonna go ahead and
say, get out of here.
Like, you can't do that.
And it's looking like it expects
some message property here on .send
instead of .end.
So I'm gonna do a .send
here with a message
property of Email and password required.
>> Scott Moss: So
we'll run a test for that.
>> Scott Moss: And if we scroll up here,
we're gonna see that passes
the requires email and password.
And then the next one says, creates
user and sends new token from user.
So if we look at the test.
>> Scott Moss: It's
expecting a .send here,
and it's expecting the email to be on,
it's expecting the email to be the same as
the user that was created by the user ID.
So if I go here to,
>> Scott Moss: Sorry, signup here.
Basically, what it's trying to,
actually, let me see,
user.email verify token results.
>> Scott Moss: .send.
>> Scott Moss: Start.
>> Scott Moss: Status, so
I've gotta do a status here.
>> Scott Moss: Status of 201 for
a successful post, .send.
There we go.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, so we got res.status.
And then what else are we missing?
Creates user and sends a token from user.
>> Speaker 2: I thought it was 401 there.
>> Scott Moss: All right,
it's fine now, I guess I just,
I had to put a return statement.
[COUGH] So yeah,
I was just missing the return statement.
So yeah, that was it,
just needed to put a return statement
here to stop it from going further.